well whatever you're doing it's working
because this is a photograph is right
down the block from us this is your
billboard um what is it as I go over
with the roommates we don't drive on
sunset hey you guys going okay that's
good that's gotta be a little unusual to
have a giant picture of you and your
underpants in town I've never had that
yeah it's it's funny my my roommate
works in advertisement so he puts bids
on billboards but we always had the best
idea to put our other roommate who's
quite funny um same type of thing but a
funny picture of him on a billboard rent
it out for a thousand or whatever bucks
right where we live yeah um and of
course now have you have of yourself and
you're on door yeah yeah do your I mean
wouldn't like what is your family think
of that are they excited yeah they're
very happy I mean I'm proud of it yeah
cool okay well I get c1 but my
grandparents in Iowa they always ask me
for Twilight headshots to sign for the
fans or not their fans but they're the
our last them for stuff well they're
famous in Iowa yeah well sure so uh but
their neighbors now they want like me
and my underwear pictures not just call
volume on there like maybe pictures of
him in his underwear can you get us all
the rest of your grandparents yeah and
of course they're so sweet and they give
them and they do oh really it but do you
send them I don't send home they have
they have those albums full of me like
watering the pigs when I was like seven
in your underwear naked and yes
hey I don't know what they send but well
you're in this new movie besides the
toilet which is when you start shooting
that in the Twilight fourth one yeah no
idea you don't know okay but you're in
this nightmare on elm street now you're
young guy have you had you seen the
twilight the nightmare on elm street
movies yeah I mean I I have a large
family a a lot of brothers so they
scared the hell out of me growing up
uh-huh and just I'm the middle kid so
the older ones always picked on me so
the only thing that really scared me
Chucky was funny compared to my brothers
Jason was too slow my brothers would run
faster with knives and try and give me
uh but but Freddy a text in your sleep
so my only comfort place was to sleep so
they wouldn't hurt me or anything and
who plays Freddie in this Jackie Earle
Haley grandes enacted oh yeah he's a
great act he's uh he's one of the nicest
actors I've ever worked with it's
interesting to to just talk to him in
person and just cure everything his
story and there's such a great guy and
there's on the bad news bears yes it as
a kid really and then he wound up
playing like a pedophile each other what
yeah and then and now he's Freddie it's
actually getting worse it's but it's so
creepy because he puts all the cosmetics
on it he's the nice guy still and you're
like this is just this is not right yeah
so we have a clip here up from the movie
and I thought it'll be fun to show it
since that's what we do on talk shows
here's telling locks in a nightmare on
elm street opening April thirtieth
Dean I told you if you keep falling
asleep they're gonna kick you out of
here um sorry won't happen again okay
very creepy